at the city of science and industry villette has thwarted
honored on the occasion of its 60th anniversary reportage in images
his score
at the origin of this pollution why an exhibition on
the two-day summit
my home citroen we wanted to celebrate this beautiful birthday which is 60
years to hot
an essential car for us
and we already had a relationship with the science city because we had
did an exhibition on 50 years to 6 to 3 years that worked well
let's quote vanneste and science ended up for
because this exhibition
here is ambitious of the uncle seven and a half months
with seventeen vehicles on display that traces
the history of this car
by making a link with the present and the future since nothing is done
our new concept because it's all
lyon takes back the spirit
the world as it existed in the 30s and 40 points of choice
alain at citroen to stop this model
in six months that the heating up part of the heritage of the brand citroën and the
heritage of france
but we saw a lot in the movies we still have a little in the streets
still a little what there are a lot of collectors turn where the lacc
so why did we stop bahrein in the summer production in 1990 and that's right
that from then on there is a new norm
little at a time two years that pollute sion and
crash test
in addition his arrival and the thatch more met his standards because
there was thought a moment when traffic is different depending on
is not necessarily an account
all the assets of land
but a little it is necessary to pass them completely the car
so we felt new models
who was different to cabbage and still a beautiful life with them
forty-two years of production